Normal Zombie:
Regular-Garden variety Zombie
Toughness: Low
Normal Zombie's name is a misnomer. I mean, he's a zombie. How in the world can a zombie be normal?

Flag Zombie:
Appears at the beginning of a wave of Zombies
Toughness: Low
Flag Zombie is a man to be proud of. He fearlessly leads his comrades to protect the lives of all zombies. Wait a second...lives?

Conehead Zombie:
He's tough. Having a cone on your head makes you tough.
Toughness: Medium
Conehead Zombie was just like any other zombie. But something compelled him to pick up a traffic cone and jam it on his head.

Buckethead Zombie:
Now that's called fashion.
Toughness: High
Buckethead Zombie didn't believe that buckets really prevent cats from eating their tails. His experiment failed to either prove or disprove his case.

Football Zombie:
No stereotypes implied.
Toughness: Very high
Speed: Fast
Football Zombie trains day and night to curbstomp his opponents on the field. So why can't he stomp through a garden of plants? He's an idiot.

Manga-Reading Zombie:
Newspaper Zombie's secret is that her newspaper is actually a manga book wrapped to keep nosy parents away.
Toughness: Low
Book Toughness: Low
Speed: Slow, then fast
Don't mess with obsessors. They just may become obsessed with eating brains.

Hungry Zombie:
The fridge is empty. Actually, the entire kitchen is empty.
Toughness: High
Specialty: Eats projectiles fired at him.
Hungry Zombie only leaves the kitchen when the food runs out. And he is hungry. Nothing is safe. His weakness? He can't eat spicy food.

Door Zombie:
A door, reincarnated as a zombie.
Toughness: High
Specialty: Slides and flattens plants
The door made two too many enemies in its lifetime. Those two enemies promptly hunted him down; he was pretty smart to have survived.

Yu Qi:
No information available.
Toughness: ???
Specialty: ???
...Maybe zombies CAN be normal...

Babysitter Zombie:
Babysitter Zombie's on the job!
Toughness: Low
Specialty: Summons kids to the yard.
Babysitter Zombie loves kids. Cute kids, ugly kids, happy kids, sad kids; Babysitter Zombie loves them all. So why is she bringing them to a battlefield? Who knows?

Kid Zombie:
Appear when Babysitter Zombie calls
Toughness: Low
Kid Zombie's still a kid. He may not grow anymore, but he still needs to eat. And with the Hungry Zombie around, that's not happening at home.

aaa